Fix API request for fetching user activity logs in FireEye ETP Event Collector (#40536)
demisto/content: Packs/FireEyeETP/ReleaseNotes/2_0_7.md

#### Integrations

##### FireEye ETP Event Collector

> - Updated the FireEye ETP Event Collector integration to fix a minor issue with the API request for fetching user activity logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the user activity logs failed to fetch due to API changes. As part of the fix, activity logs fetch request will now contain the 'to' argument for each call.
```

WDYH?
